[ Electronic Chirp ]
[ Sniffles ]
What are you doing?
Shush. Shush.
One of the smoke alarms
is chirping.
I’m trying to figure out
which one it is
so I can change the battery.
Well, if anybody
can find it–
[ Inhales ] it’s you.
[ Groans ]
You sound horrible.
Why don’t, uh–
Why don’t you go
back to bed?
’Cause I’ve got too much to do.
I’ve gotta make the ladyfingers
for the bake sale,
and I’ve gotta
go by the gym.
I left my phone there yesterday.
I’ll do all of that.
We’re a team.
When one of us is weak,
we lean on the other.
Honey, you don’t have
to do that stuff.
Honey, with all you do for me,
including going to the gym
four times a week to keep me
interested,
I got this.
Don’t you have houses
to show today?
They... canceled.
Oh, pumpkin.
Are you kidding me?
It’s lucky.
This way I get to stay here
and take care of you.
Okay.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Hey.
Hey, Mr. and Mrs. Dunphy.
Is Haley ready for school?
She’s on her way down.
Don’t get too close
to my wife.
Haley told you about that?
It was just a dream.
Oh, God.
[ Alarm Chirps ]
Okay, that came
from the kitchen.
I thought it was in here.
Really? Okay, you wait in here
and listen for it.
I’m gonna wait in there.
I mean, it’s the least
I can do after–
Well, you know.
I’m coming with you.
Boy, I wish Haley
would date some other boys.
What’s that you say,
Mrs. Robinson?
Don’t.
[ Chuckles ]
I just feel like she owes it
to herself to see what else
is out there.
The way that Dylan’s
always hanging around here,
he’s probably going to try
to marry her the second
she turns 18.
Hey, you never know.
Maybe those two
are meant to be together–
Like we were.
Honey, Haley and Dylan
are not us.
No, I think that amount
will be fine.
I’m just happy you want Lily.
I think you’re going to be
very happy with her.
Okay.
[ Phone Beeps ]
Cam, did you just sell our baby?
No, but do you remember
that agent we met
that represents child actors,
the one who said Lily
might have what it takes
and gave us his card?
- That I threw away.
- That I fished
out of the trash.
That was him on the phone.
They’re shooting
a children’s furniture store
commercial today,
and they want Lily.
Look, I threw away that card
for a reason.
Come on. It’ll be fun.
And Lily’ll be on TV.
And we can put the money
in her college account.
No. Let’s just let our daughter
have a normal childhood, huh?
I think that gay cruise
has sailed.
It’s just one commercial.
I don’t like it. No. No.
Oh, what? So that’s it?
You’re the parent
with final say?
Why is that?
Because you make the money?
It’s not about that,
and you know it.
I wouldn’t expect you
to understand us.
You’re not theater folk.
And neither are you.
You did Godspell one summer
in a barn.
You’re barn folk.
Get used to that jealousy, Lily.
Ordinary people
just don’t understand us.
[ Forklift Whirring ]
[ Woman On P.A. ]
Dennis to Shipping
and Receiving.
Hola, Jack.
Hey, what are you guys
doing here?
Manny had a doctor’s appointment
so we’re gonna catch lunch
with Jay.
- Is he there?
- Yeah, he’s in back.
Good day, Jackson.
Good day, Manuel.
I see you’re still forklifting.
More like lifting the fork.
Man. I was gonna say that joke.
I’m sorry,
but I gotta have lunch
with my wife today.
I know, baby, but I had
to marry her so she could
stay in the country.
Oh, no.
Where am I gonna find
another husband that wears
sweatpants to work?
Resort wear.
Mm-hmm. Maybe last resort.
I’m glad you guys
stopped by for lunch,
’cause you know what?
I gotta work a little late
tonight.
Oh, not tonight.
Did you forget our date?
No. No. I was kidding.
I had no idea
what she was talking about.
Gloria, God love her,
likes to celebrate
every possible milestone
in our relationship–
the day we met,
our first date–
which I forgot,
so we got in a big fight.
Now we commemorate
the big fight.
I thought we could
recreate the date.
Do everything that we did
the first time.
So romantic.
You know, that’s exactly
what I was thinking.
[ Giggles ]
Ay, Jack is so nice.
I think
he really likes Manny.
What he likes
is getting out of work.
Wait a minute–
Is that Manny driving?
Is it?
[ Screams ]
Yeah, that’s him.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Ay, my poor papi–
Two doctors in one day.
Mom, I’m fine.
The hospital said
I could go back to school.
No. You suffered
a traumatic experience.
I barely remember it.
I remember crashing
through the wall...
and the ambulance ride
to the hospital.
That wasn’t an ambulance.
I drove you.
Then what was that siren?
That was your mother.
- I was not that loud.
- Cars pulled over, honey.
Jay, I’m sorry
about your wall.
Wasn’t your fault.
It was Jack’s,
and I’ve already
taken care of him.
- You kill him?
- Can’t kill people here.
I fired him.
But it was just an accident.
He didn’t mean it.
Guy’s a screw-up.
Should’ve been gone months ago.
- Can’t we just give him
another chance?
- What is this "we"?
Let me explain something
to you people.
Here in this family, it’s "we."
At work, it’s "me."
My rules, my decisions.
Period.
That’s not fair.
- You mad at me too?
- No. You’re right.
It’s your work.
Besides, I can’t be mad at you,
not on our special day.
Honey, I was thinking.
With what happened to Manny,
maybe we’d better
postpone our special day
until next weekend.
No, next weekend
is the anniversary...
of the first time
that I cooked for you.
[ Woman On TV ]
Jesse, I’m sorry.
How you doin’,
Typhoid Clairey?
Hey, what are you
doing home?
She caught your cold
and had to come home.
I thought we should
contain you two and keep it from
spreading through the house.
Come here.
I’m so sorry.
It’s okay.
Ohh.
- Hey, did you finish
my ladyfingers?
- Not yet.
- Did you pick up my phone?
- [ Alarm Chirps ]
Is that the smoke detector?
I thought you fixed that.
Boy, you’re really starting
to sound like your old self.
Ugh.
You know what this
reminds me of?
Huh?
When you were little
and we used to snuggle
and watch soap operas together.
Remember that?
Nothing’s changed.
Sonya’s still married
to that guy with the–
[ Phone Rings ]
Wait a second.
bad hairline.
Dylan?
Okay.
God, I miss you too.
Oh, it’s just a cold,
silly.
You don’t have to conceive
of a world without me.
[ Both Laugh ]
Oh, nothing.
I’m just in bed
with my mom.
Stop freaking out.
It is not coming true.
[ Alarm Chirps ]
Uh, Mrs. Vaughn,
it’s Phil Dunphy.
It’s about 3:30.
Uh, now, I know you
said you’d moved on,
but, um, there’s been
a significant price reduction...
in the, uh, house
in Sullivan Canyon,
which I know you loved.
So, uh, if there’s any chance
you might reconsider,
I know you will not be sorry.
I can meet you any time,
so just give me a call.
Any– Any time.
I can meet you wherever–
[ Alarm Chirps ]
that place is that
you feel would be best.
Okay, thank you. Bye.
[ Beeps ]
Dad?
Hey, buddy.
How are you?
What are you doing?
Keeping the germs off me.
You care about germs?
I’ve seen you kiss
a pigeon on the mouth.
My class is going
to Disneyland in two days.
I can’t get Mom’s cold.
Oh. Good plan.
I remember this.
My dad bought it during
the Cuban Missile Crisis.
- I never got a turn in that.
You think later I could–
- Yeah, maybe.
What are you doing home
in the afternoon?
Oh, no big deal.
I just had a couple
of showings fall through.
Again?
You know what I always say.
Sure do.
"Can’t get back on that horse
unless you fall off."
That’s right.
Ow. That’s loud.
Sorry.
[ Alarm Chirps ]
Where is that coming from?
Changing the battery
in a smoke detector is
what they teach you in Man 101,
so, of course, every time
I hear that noise,
all I hear is–
"Beep, beep.
You’re not a man.
Beep, beep. You’re not"–
[ Alarm Chirps ]
Really?
Hey Dad, can you open this
for me?
Oh, sure, buddy.
[ Clears Throat ]
[ Zipper Opens ]
Ow. Mmm.
What happened?
Broke a nail.
[ Alarm Chirps ]
Mitchell, what’s up?
What do you mean?
You just sent me an urgent text
saying to come right over.
That was from me.
I used Jay’s phone.
Oh, what happened
to your face?
Oh, just a little scrape-up.
Mitchell, I’d like
to engage your legal services...
in representing my friend Jack
in a wrongful termination suit.
Forget it. He’s not coming back.
Don’t take the case, Mitchell.
I don’t think
I was gonna take the case.
Fine. Then under
the circumstances, we have
nothing further to talk about.
These will be my last words
to you.
- Knock, knock.
- Who’s there?
Okay, you got me.
I hope you feel clever
tricking a kid.
- Hello, Mitch.
- Hi, Gloria.
My God. Congratulations.
Hmm? On what?
Lily’s commercial.
Oh no, no.
We turned that down.
Are you sure?
Because Cam sent me a picture
of her in her makeup chair.
Sorry. He what?
It’s so exciting.
You have to remember this day
so that you can celebrate it
every year.
Okay, folks,
we’re about 10 minutes
from shooting.
- Is talent ready?
- Yes, she sure is.
Did you hear that, Lily?
You’re the talent.
Isn’t that magical?
Ooh. Grapes.
[ Chuckles ]
Mmm. And that is a prop.
Okay, we really gotta
hang up this time.
On the count of three.
Ready? One, two, three.
Hello?
I can’t believe he hung up.
I’m calling him back.
Give me that.
[ Man On TV ]
How the hell did you
get through that?
Oh, my God, is that Jesse?
Mm-hmm.
And he’s still married to Angie.
You know something else
you might find interesting–
Sonya is drinking
because she married a buffoon
when she was young,
and now she realizes
she’s wasted her entire life.
Can you imagine
making a mistake like that?
Yeah, that must be horrible.
Yeah, now she’s just
a bitter ghost of a woman
filled with resentment.
But that’s what happens when you
commit to someone before you see
what else is out there.
- [ Alarm Chirps ]
- [ Phil ]
Seriously?
She couldn’t have
laid it on thicker.
"Ghost of a woman"?
"Total buffoon"?
I’m not an idiot.
She was talking
about her and my dad.
Yeah, well, maybe Sonya
and her husband just need
to work a little harder.
Can he give her
those years back?
She could have been something.
She could have
traveled the world,
been with fascinating men.
She could have
accomplished things.
That’s all she thinks about now,
every time she looks at him.
Ah! Ow.
Is that Mom’s apron?
[ Alarm Chirps ]
It’s an apron. It’s unisex.
Some of the world’s
greatest chefs are men.
But it’s bumped out
where the boobs go.
- [ Alarm Chirps ]
- That’s happening
more and more.
Hadn’t noticed.
[ Phone Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Mrs. Vaughn.
Thanks for calling back.
Yeah, I was
just about to, uh–
I see. Is there anything
I can say that will–
All right.
Thank you very much,
and if–
Oh. Okay. Good-bye.
[ Beeps ]
Did you lose another one?
Hey. Can’t lose something
you never had, right, pal?
[ Doorbell Rings ]
That was the doorbell, Dad.
Yeah. I know.
So what happens
if people stop buying houses?
Are we all
gonna have to get jobs?
It’s just a little slump, buddy.
Nothing I can’t handle.
Hi. I’m Ron.
I work out with Claire
at the gym.
Oh, yeah. Come on in.
I brought her phone back.
She forgot it yesterday.
Great. Thanks.
I’m Phil, Claire’s husband.
Oh.
Uh, Claire never mentioned
she had a husband.
[ Alarm Chirps ]
Nice to meet you.
You too.
Oh, sorry!
I burnt my ladyfingers.
[ Alarm Chirps ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Footsteps ]
So quiet.
It’s like Christian Silence
Reading Room.
- I’m fine.
- So am I.
Okay, my two stubborn burros,
I’m going out.
Manny, be a good boy.
Jay, I’ll see you later.
I think you know where.
Honey?
You know what
I was just thinking?
You know how
when people are in love,
sometimes they finish
each other’s sentences?
Like, um,
tonight we’re going to–
Have fun.
Yes.
When we get to–
Gether later.
[ Giggles ]
You have no idea
where you’re going, do you?
- Tell me.
- Hire Jack back.
- Forget it.
- Your funeral.
Okay, Lily,
Daddy’s going to be
right over here. Okay.
Oh, and, um, by the way,
if it helps,
I have a list of things
Lily can do.
She can blow a kiss,
flap her arms like a bird–
- Thank you.
I’ll keep that in mind.
- Okay.
- Cam. Cam.
- How did you get on the set?
I walked on. It’s not MGM.
It’s a warehouse
behind a mattress store.
I can’t believe
you went behind my back.
We agreed–
We didn’t agree
on anything.
You agreed.
We don’t have to agree
on everything.
I didn’t like the book
you bought her last week,
but I didn’t stop you
from reading it to her.
What was wrong with it?
How was it a big day
for Biscuit, Mitchell?
How?
Okay, this isn’t about Biscuit.
I know. It’s about
our daughter, Lily.
No, you want the truth?
I think it’s about you, Cam.
I think you’re using
our daughter to fulfill
some childhood dream of yours.
Okay, parents,
we’re ready
to start rolling.
Now, while we’re
doing the shoot,
Jim and Deb here will do
the kids’ voice-overs
into the mic.
Kinda like
Look Who’s Talking.
Oh. That’s right.
There are a lot
of important people here
so I’m not gonna get mad,
but I resent the implication
that I would do anything...
that’s not in the best interest
of our daughter.
[ Buzzer ]
Okay, let’s try a take.
And... action.
[ Japanese Accent ]
Oh, no! We are lost in a city
of high furniture prices.
[ Japanese Accent ]
Oh! Can no one protect us
from these high prices?
Cut.
[ Buzzer ]
Lighting problem. One sec.
You can apologize to me
any time you’re ready.
Are you kidding me?
What?
This commercial–
It’s-It’s a big stereotype.
It’s called "ironic."
No, it–
This is why
Lily was perfect.
She’s Asian.
She’s a prop.
It’s called "niche casting."
Stop telling me
what stuff is called.
You’re so blinded by
the spotlight, you can’t see
what’s really going on here.
[ Buzzer ]
[ Director ]
Let’s go again.
[ Woman ]
All right, here we go.
Let’s roll, please.
[ Director ]
Action.
[ Man ] Oh, no!
We are trapped in a city
of high furniture prices.
Oh! Can no one protect us
from these high prices?
- [ Man Gasps ]
Look. Over there.
- Oh!
[ Man ]
It’s Save-zilla.
[ Woman ] He’s knocking down
prices on everything
from bibs to cribs.
- [ Man ]
Half off on playpens.
- Ah!
High chairs are low chairs.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
- Excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me.
- Cut. What’s the problem?
Don’t you think this
commercial just might be
the teeniest bit racist?
I mean, "Save-zilla"?
It’s not racist. It’s satire.
No, I know,
but maybe we could
just tone it down a bit.
Maybe not hit the accent
so hard?
This is the commercial
you agreed to.
Yeah, well, I know.
I just–
I can’t
let my daughter do this.
We had an agreement.
Well, I also have
the best attorney in town,
so do your worst.
And by the way,
Lily is Vietnamese,
not Japanese.
There’s a big difference,
but you wouldn’t know that...
because you’re only interested
in seeing these children...
as interchangeable stereotypes,
not human beings.
Come on, Lily. Let’s go.
Cam?
[ Mutters ]
Cam. That’s not–
Hi, buddy.
There we go.
Goin’ to meet your mother.
Figured it out all by myself.
Two years ago,
we got our marriage license.
We went to
a little hot dog stand.
She said it was
the most romantic meal
she ever had in her life.
That’s it, isn’t it?
Yeah, that’s it.
Get this through your head:
You can give me the cold
shoulder the rest of your life–
Jack’s not coming back.
See, I could overlook
the goofing off,
but you could have been
seriously hurt today.
Anybody puts my kid in danger
doesn’t get a second chance.
Ever.
I’ll see you later.
Did you just call me your kid?
Oh, geez.
- You’ve never said that before.
- Sure, I have.
Uh-uh.
Well, of course you’re my kid.
I mean, what do you think?
- You’re going
to the wrong place.
- What?
It’s not your wedding license.
- What is it?
- First kiss.
No. Just tell me.
[ Exhales ]
I mean your first kiss
with my mom.
My God, you’re right.
Thanks.
- The pier.
- Thanks.
But maybe Sonya
didn’t make a mistake.
Maybe she just met her soul mate
when she was young.
No. No, no, no.
That never happens.
See, she threw her life away,
and now she wants out.
Okay, let’s cut the crap.
We’re not talking
about some character
on a soap opera here, are we?
No. No, we’re not.
Honey, I’m sorry.
I don’t want to
hurt your feelings,
but I’ve been feeling this way
for a really long time, and–
Can we be honest
with each other?
He’s kind of a doofus.
I guess, but...
I thought you liked that
about him.
Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
No, I never did.
Believe me, honey,
there are many better options
out there.
- Like who?
- I don’t know.
Off the top of my head,
how about that cute guy
who delivers the pizzas?
He’s, like, 18!
So?
[ Door Opens ]
Don’t mind me, ladies.
This is the last one.
I’ve changed the batteries
in every last smoke detector
in the house.
Hey, Dad, I think
I found a place online
where I can sell this organ.
Can you drive me
to the black market?
I think they mean
a different kind
of organ, buddy.
Sweetie, why are you trying
to sell that?
In case things with Dad’s job
get even worse.
Honestly, I don’t know why
everybody’s making
such a big deal.
Everything’s fine.
[ Alarm Chirps ]
It makes no sense!
I changed every one.
I’m gonna call my dad.
No. We’re not calling
anyone.
I can handle this.
Just need
the ol’ burglar basher.
Is that your college
cheerleading baton?
[ Alarm Chirps ]
Not when you’re
on the business end of it.
[ Claire ]
But Phil–
Oh! Oh, my God.
Guess that one won’t be chirping
anymore, will it?
[ Claire Sighs ]
Honey–
Go after him.
Oh, no. He just needs
to blow off some steam.
[ Clattering ]
[ Phil ]
How’s that for battery?
Mom, like it or not,
you made a commitment.
And maybe that doesn’t mean
anything to you anymore,
but you owe it to this family
to save your marriage...
and give it one more try.
What?
[ Clattering ]
[ Phil ]
End o’ the line, Smoky Joe.
Look, Dad may be a doofus,
but he is 10 times better
than any pizza delivery boy.
Go to him.
Did you–
I just detected your
ass getting kicked!
Okay. Honey–
Thought I forgot about you,
didn’t ya?
Nope.
Phil, no. Stop.
I gotta stop the damn chirping.
This isn’t
about the noise.
Sweetie, you’re having
a bad day.
At the end of a bad month.
I know.
You know how scary that is,
Claire?
No. No, I don’t–
because you never
tell me the bad stuff.
You only share
all the good stuff.
Honey, what happened
to us being a team?
Right? We’re supposed
to lean on each other.
Honey–
I have faith in you.
Mmm.
[ Sniffles ]
I must be catching your cold.
Mm-hmm.
Okay. You know what?
Let’s just get
new smoke detectors.
We already changed ’em out
last year.
- Remember, buddy?
You helped me.
- Sure did.
Wait a minute.
What’d you do
with the old ones?
You told me to throw them
in the garbage,
so I put them in the attic
to make a robot.
It’s the old ones.
The batteries are dying
and we can hear ’em
through the vents.
You did it, buddy. I’m sorry.
I love you.
I did that.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Oh. Must be the pizza
I ordered.
Pizza?
You ordered pizza?
Yeah. I was just sort of
in the mood, you know?
But we had pizza
a couple nights ago.
I know, but I had an urge,
and when I get an urge,
I get an urge.
Okay. Here, I’ll get it.
No, sweetie. I’ve got it.
No, Mom. You’re always
asking me to do things.
I’ll get it. Here.
Just sit back, relax–
I’ll get the pizza.
Don’t worry.
Get the change.
Here–
And I think it’s best you don’t
come around here anymore.